hey English learners from all over the
world chat here with another very quick
and effective fluency lesson for you all
based on a funny scene from friends when
the best TV shows for learning American
English so to help you with this lesson
you must download the power lesson where
we break down and explain all the most
important vocabulary expressions idioms
phrasal verbs the pronunciation the
connected speech and also culture
references things that don't translate
very well into other languages so this
lesson is filled with cultural
references the name of the lesson is
Monica's boob job
if you don't know even if you do know
what a boob job is you're going to love
this lesson so just follow the steps
watch once with subtitles second time
revise the scene you break down a livery
cab you Larry use a power lesson then
the last time watch the scene again with
no subtitles and you're going to be
amazed with your progress sit back relax
enjoy this lesson but Monica's boob job
oh yeah
I need to borrow some money
oh sure yeah how much $2,000 yes $2,000
exactly how did you know that uh well I
uh I know how much you used to make and
I know how much your rent is okay I am
on fire
listen this is really nice dude
did you write a check to Monica for
$2,000 did Monica borrow money from you
uh kind of I can't believe her did she
tell you we were having money problems
oh no no no it wasn't wasn't because of
your money problems it was for something
for her what something personal yeah
what would she get for herself for
$2,000 she wouldn't tell me about scuse
me
boob job I don't want her to get a boob
job that's crazy
but it's not that crazy okay making them
smaller that would be crazy
hey rich there she is my perfectly
proportioned wife don't look at me I
never get his jokes thank you
no no don't thank me thank you do you
know there is not one thing that I would
change about you not one single thing
and definitely not two single things
okay you're being weird do you want sex
or did you do something bad
no I just love the way you look I am
warm so your phone okay um you know the
old classics like you know you look nice
they're still okay well yes yes but you
look nice could mean that I'm saying
like your face looks nice I want to
compliment your body I wouldn't change
it at all and more specifically I
wouldn't want anything to get any bigger
okay I'm thinking you wouldn't want any
part of me to get any bigger would you
don't edge that
that's when you thought that dude
couldn't get any weirder I know why do
you think he was so worried about me
getting bigger I don't know what I know
what brought that on
oh my god oh my god you know we're
trying to get pregnant so he's probably
starting to freak out about the fact
that my body's gonna change no you
really think that's what I do you've
heard him no bigger you're perfect
oh just don't get any bigger tiny sounds
just like my high school wrestling coach
I'm have to talk to Chandler yeah if you
don't I will of course your body's gonna
change your breasts are gonna get bigger
your ass is gonna get bigger you're
gonna lose bladder control
that's just such a magical time hey rich
uh perfection wouldn't change a thing
nothing honey
yeah about that um I'm going to change
you spent on you you you don't have to
I'm gonna get bigger oh honey I I love
your breasts the way they are yeah
fascist well my breasts are gonna get
bigger whether you like it or not
and you know it's not just my breasts my
ass is gonna get bigger too your ass and
don't be surprised if her hands on her
feet get bigger too
they do that it's kind of a package deal
why would you want to do that to
yourself I thought it was something that
we both wanted all right look if it
means that much to you I may be able to
get on board with the big boobs but the
giant ass and the big clown feet
oh my god Chandler if you can't handle
this what are you gonna be like in the
hospital with the blood and the
screaming and the little person that's
shooting out of her
what
Joey why did you tell Chandler that
Monica was getting a boob job because
she is Joey Chandler knows I borrowed
the money mm-hmm for your boob job
okay so I'm out four thousand dollars
and nobody's boobs you get any bigger
[Music]
did you write a check to Monica did you
write a check
did you write a check did you write a
check to Monica you tell you we were
having money problems tell you we were
having money problems she tell you we
were having money problems you tell you
we were having money problems what would
she get what would she get what would
she get what would she get make him
smaller make him small make them small
bacon hey I never get his jokes he I
never get his jokes
hey I never get his jokes hey I never
get his jokes or did you do something
bad did you do something bad did you do
something bad or did you do something
bad I'm have to talk to Chandler
I'm have sparks Chandler I'm have stalks
Chandler I'm have stalks Chandler
you don't have to you don't have to you
don't have to you don't have to I need
to borrow some money I know how much you
used to make I am on fire
boob job don't look at me
yeah I never get his jokes I want to
compliment your body that's when you
thought that dude couldn't get any
weirder but what brought that on
yep so he's probably starting to freak
out about the fact that my body's gonna
change honey yeah about that my breasts
are gonna get bigger whether you like it
or not it's kind of a package deal all
right look if it means that much you I
may be able to get on board with the big
boobs if you can't handle this
the little person that's shooting out of
her okay so I'm out four thousand
dollars and nobody's boobs you get any
bigger my perfectly proportioned wife do
you know there is not one thing that I
would change about you not one single
thing and definitely not two single
things look I am warm so your phone I'm
thinking you wouldn't want any part of
me to get any bigger would you I need to
borrow some money
oh sure yeah how much $2,000 yes two
thousand dollars exactly how did you
know that uh well I uh I know how much
you used to make and I know how much
your rent is okay I am on fire listen
this is really nice
dude did you write a check to Monica for
$2,000 did Monica borrow money from you
uh kind of I can't believe her did she
tell you we were having money problems
oh no no no it wasn't I wasn't because
of your money problems it was for
something for her what something
personal yeah what would she get for
herself for $2,000 she wouldn't tell me
about scuse me
boob job I don't want her to get a boob
job that's crazy
what's it's not that crazy okay making
them smaller that would be crazy
hey rich there she is my perfectly
proportioned wife don't look at me I
never get his jokes thank you
no no don't thank me thank you do you
know there is not one thing that I would
change about you not one single thing
and definitely not two single things
okay you're being weird do you want sex
or did you do something bad
oh no I just love the way you look I am
warm for your phone okay um you know the
old classics like you know you look nice
they're still okay yeah well yes yes but
you look nice can mean that I'm saying
like your face looks nice I want to
compliment your body I wouldn't change
it at all and more specifically I
wouldn't want anything to get any bigger
okay I'm thinking you wouldn't want any
part of me to get any bigger would you
don't edge that
just when you thought that dude couldn't
get any weirder I know why do you think
he was so worried about me getting
bigger I don't know what I know what
brought that on
oh my god oh my god you know we're
trying to get pregnant so he's probably
starting to freak out about the fact
that my body's gonna change no you
really think that's what it is you've
heard him no bigger you're perfect
oh just don't get any bigger tiny sounds
just like my high school wrestling coach
I'm have to talk to Chandler yeah if you
don't I will
of course your body's gonna change your
breasts are gonna get bigger your ass is
gonna get bigger you're gonna lose
bladder control
that's such a magical time hey rich uh
perfection wouldn't change a thing
nothing honey yeah about that um I'm
going to change just but hon you you you
don't have to I'm gonna get bigger oh
honey I I love your breasts the way they
are yeah fascist
well my breasts are gonna get bigger
whether you like it or not and you know
it's not just my breasts my ass is gonna
get bigger too your ass and don't be
surprised if her hands and her feet get
bigger too they do that it's kind of a
package deal why would you want to do
that to yourself I thought it was
something that we both wanted all right
look if it means that much to you I may
be able to get on board with the big
boobs but the giant ass and the big
clown feet oh my god Chandler if you
can't handle this what are you gonna be
like in the hospital with the blood and
the screaming and the little person
that's shooting out of her
what
Joey why did you tell Chandler that
Monica was getting a boob job because
she is Joey Chandler knows I borrowed
the money mm-hmm for your boob job okay
so I'm out four thousand dollars and
nobody's boobs you get any bigger
[Music]